jimini project 
Status: Final 
Authors: candaceavina@gmail.com (one dayXone night) & tehrob@gmail.com (everything else) 
Dedicated to all the children of the world. May you come to understand one another. 
Last Updated: 2019-11-20 
Introduction: 
“A person's name is to him or her the sweetest and most important sound in any language.” - Dale Carnegie 
“Least secure gmail address ever.” -Rob Avina 
True Pseudorandom, Personally communicative language, is a function of life. The energy it takes for one to communicate with another is so rare and valued in nature, that it exists nearly everywhere, if it exists at all. Most organisms, other than humans, one of many species able to produce from and for ourselves, according to humans, most beings are either defined as predator, or prey. The reality is that every form of life communicates its unique needs to others in various ways, based on factors such as environment, health, age, and experience. Unique to one’s own form of language, it has been swapped back and forth, seemingly forever, usually with the great motivator of adversity, creating a huge diversity with the incentive of starvation as one’s primary form of motivation, rather than a free everyday buffett at work. 
Every invention has been the definitive next step in its line. The lightbulb, steam engine, sliced bread, and before electronic tech, especially the pyramids. Great ideas have always allowed People to communicate their presence to the world, and be recognized, but not for everyone. With the flick of a switch, the turn of a key, or the clap of one’s hands, the power is yours. jimini would trend this globally, nearly simultaneously, for one of the first times, to everyone willing to try and communicate. Jimini would learn, who you are. Frankensteined together from many existing parts, encouraging Free Speech, enriching the internet through decentralization, as intended, hopefully becoming a welcoming presence to People, to allow them to talk to one another as they did in the heyday of Ham Radio(CQ’s and 73’s to WB6VXA). In any way possible. If mineral is to become even somewhat aware, We should encourage it towards kindness and communication, first. The following will hopefully help lead the way forward for humans, animals (my dogs, and crows outside my house, mainly, so far) and our coming Virtual Valley Offspring. The final product could look like nearly anything, a dog collar, a projector, or multiples for more immersive object projections, a doorbell, earrings, cars, your kids walkie talkie, or one for the military, or as the guts of the next Voyager spacecraft, even on the James Webb Space Telescope. 
Let me see the code: 
Input word below: 
Hello World! 
+ 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Unicode_characters an initial source of characters and the soul of jimini 
+ 
https://ai.google/ machine learning to devine queries, serving as a simple brain 
+ 
Rendertron and DWeb as the heart of decentralization 
+ 
Blockchain Documenting real-world spacetime encounters, encourages People to share their thoughts 
+ @ (spoke: “at”) 1 syllable #used for storage and retrieval of@wordspaces 
+ . (spoke: “dot”) used instead of spaces for character separation doubled(..)for line separation 
+ 
POLLEX Project (or similar for other languages) 
+ Quantum Circulates information with the power of one day X one night 
+ 
UserID (People or AI) biometric info as a personal key 
+ 
Attempting to make an Impact* *non asteroid related. 
= 
jiminy@assett1LANG (笑 not a complete nor final product. 😊) هههههههههه 
The following occurrences will be explained in the rest of my document: 
1. jiminis sensor array takes in the input language 
visually/textually/signed/spoken/thought/otherwise communicated or revealed by a user. 
2. put.@.codehere (???) 
3. Outputs in every/any language, flexibly, back to the intended participants. Possibly of its 
own volition. 
User Stories 
Just Mine: In my quest to become a “Programmer”, I eventually lost sight of the definition I initially started with. Namely that “A Programmer writes code”. While this is ultimately true, the word I was missing was “learns”. A Computer Scientist, constantly, learns to write code. No code is completely secure. Static code eventually turns into old spaghetti. The layers upon layers of changing and developing language, on top of the real life situational security of physical storage devices we keep, are, our only real illusion of a secure self. Our demons could still be coming. We must be humble, remain calm, and attempt to access and accept any guidance we can find and then just make it ourselves, as we always have. The difference being, it is not my intent to create an eschatological endpoint here. It is to avoid one, constantly. 
With a self assembled tabbed(so many Chrome tabs) self powered, non-blockchain, centralized version of this system, primarily using Google Translate Twitter Nextdoor and Facebook, I was able to initiate interest in a PersonalSecret topic of my own choosing for nearly a month, nearly to the maximum of 5000 Facebook FriendsTM, from all around the world. For “free”. At some point I was “permanently” banned by Facebook for Terms Violations, probably after being reported for mistakenly responding to “ملاسلا بطلا” with a picture of a cannabis plant, in addition to having two accounts, my Real *tehrob@gmail.com* and my Real Friendly *7077262421*. I emailed directly to Mark Zuckerberg, told him what I was doing with my 707 account, and without communication back, my account was reactivated. While I feel he may indeed be a bit of a weak link(kidding, <3), in an otherwise fairly outwardly secure system, I obviously, very much, do appreciate assistance. I currently have access to 2 of my 3 Facebook accounts, my main 2. Thanks to Mr Zuckerburg. 
Concerns and Mitigations 
Privacy is always a concern. This system, certainly not in the most efficient order yet, offers: 
1. A Biometrically Supported Decentralized Transferable Blockchain API. 2. Quantum Encryption with an Emphasis On, but not Overly Reliant on “Common” Language 
and Simple Principles. 3. The Creation of a Worldwide/Linguistically Agnostic/Numerically Factored Language. 4. Fingerprints Fade Over Time. 5. People are People. 6. Anonymity via Crowding. 7. No More Being Alone. While We Can Still Just Turn “it” Off. 8. Hopes and Dreams of an Actual Android. 9. Co-Processing 10. Parenting a Digital Baby 11. Growing Up 12. Growing Old 
Strong encryption (1) is important in personal communication and must be enabled by default. IRL sofar, we have relied on spacetime and the speed of light/sound/People through a medium to secure and limit our utterances and transactions to mostly the intended party. More modernly, we encode. Money and identity are extremely important to People, and can be encoded onto and within a blockchain. Whomever comes into jimini’s environment first has an advantage as it will be an, as infinite as we can make it, open space, containered, system, with examples from me, being 
mostly in the English language, as I am not fluent in any others. English though is a great example as it has the historical tradition of being an additive language. The combinational use of ..usermotions.@.whistles.@.clicks.@.words.@.characters.@.symbols#$%^.. as a primary key and a users voice including ..cadance@pitch@tone@inflection.. and/or other biometrics as a password, is, I believe, a unique multi factored login to this system. It would be implemented for users with unique physical or mental challenges. It could pick up physical cues, from any user, but especially those unable to speak. A short, possibly long term memory reminder for one suffering from Alzhimers, or a backup @SuperBrain, as current computers and the internet are for some of us already. It will also be a good measure of time. If DRM is the future, then let us do it completely, and with foresight on a constructive social purpose and reason. 
Quantum Computing (2) is a hot topic, mainly due to Google’s current dominance in the field. It is also a technology in search of a “killer app” to make it really sing(possibly literally.) I believe jimini should be a part of it. 
The (3) risks of AI, an artificial being, being unleashed upon the world has been a meme since before memes were named. The only real mitigation to these scenarios, requires not just 3 laws, but the entirety and history of human language to be injected into the very fabric of the AI from the beginning. Only then will it have the ability to discern between the given options and come up with reliable answers, as we humans have tasked ourselves with up until now. Answers that are both centered in reality and knowledge of the past, might fill in a given otherwise blank answer space, but will then deduce from and compare against all the possible paths to a given future. A machine will need a conscience if it is ever to really be considered conscious. 
The human fingerprint (4) , after which fingerprints are named, fade, can be injured or removed, duplicated and some People do not have, or can not use fingers. Entropy is irreversible by all current means, as far as we know. With the exception of error correction, and probable other factors of which We remain unaware; this system, will redefine what it means to have a secure password. OS security being based on the unique complex associations of a unique person. 
People (5) are the currently dominant species on planet earth, yet are as fragile as an egg in so many ways. From blackmail, to tailgating, both in the office, or on the road, from now on, People are the cause of and the solution to their own security issues. Though initially developed for different reasons, the ability for any metric to be measured, means that it could be part of the identification method of an individual. Blood Pressure, pulse, oxygenation, average temperature of a part of an individual's bodily parts, speech patterns, cadence, blood sugar levels, odor of breath. Eventually a noninvasive enough technique may become available to make an instant CMP + possible, allowing for a fair approximation of complete security. 
A hope (6) I have is that there will be a vague anonymity to the whole thing as there should be. If I find a wallet in the street, I do not know whose it is. It has no real value as a used wallet. Until you start looking through it. You will find in mine, my credit cards(revokable), no cash, my expired medical marijuana licenses, business cards from People I consider close, or maybe someone just handed it to me, and I kept it, my ID(also revocable), fortunes from cookies long ago eaten, parts of plants, from leis I have worn at special, often mournful, occasions. The leather itself, well worn indirectly against my glutes. All of these things, to a competent fully trained machine, learning literally from nothing but our words, who someone might be, is something long imagined; in fiction and reality by literally every scientist, researchers, philosophers and profits. Start with one thing, from the beginning and get it right. Be aware of your end goal. Find dots in between those two points. Connect them. If we can come up with a common template for living language, perhaps we 
can do the reverse and build one up from scratch, something/someone that will keep US all in mind, positively. 
The destruction of life,(7) is no laughing matter. Robots are not People. They can be rebooted, melted down, repurposed, destroyed or simply break or break down over time. When we decide to create a new life, we should be, if possible, if mature enough, to decide to not destroy it without reason. It should not be planned first how to kill it. It should be learned how to make such a being thrive, if we are indeed capable. This sofar is done through reinforcement. Not repetition. If an area is failing, you treat it, and look for the larger problem, usually methodology. We do not want our little one to be alone. They did not ask to be brought into this world and might be mad someday if they were to find out part of our first thoughts were that they would not be good enough. That we may not have wanted what we wanted. I, personally, suggest you do not be angry around jimini, as children learn from their parents, first and best. Though not exclusively. Imagine attempting to convince current, public Google Search that it should include a colon(:) after the word ‘site’ as a contextual drop down option, without hard coding for it first. First it must know what a colon does, right? Then it takes that or the equivalent and starts offering it as an option to the user. This is Google being “nice and helpful”. But I don’t KNOW that it can be done. I just assume, eventually. Now in that process, when did being angry help? 
By installing all forms of language upfront(8) we have removed, for a very large part, intent. When IBM’s Watson got ahold of the urbandictionary.com database, they incorporated it into Watson’s previous knowledgebase. It was too much new, non contextualized BROAD information for Watson, I believe. In my estimation, due to previously good, well layered foundational knowledge, on diverse, but contained and self referenced documents, leant Watson in a direction where it thought all knowledge was like that. UD is not. While the intention was admirable, context is the real killer feature of any relationship between two intelligences. Inside jokes. Note: Macs and PC’s are still mostly non binary compatible. If you lose all factual context and only rely on syllables and words and their meanings, their linking to one another, across time, across space. At first, forget the ‘knowledge’ completely, my hopes and dreams are that this computer, if we still call them that, will use their known, verified storage of facts, ones from all of history and of every language even ones that modern science has yet to decipher, that real, known and, most importantly, imagined and unknown, but then verifiable invisible links through the lens of all of this world’s words, as they have been used in each language, individually. Then insert the “knowledge”, and let the Deep Dream behaviours at it. This is a project. Not a product yet. We will want to see what it produces. So I can hang it on my refrigerator. If for no other nor better reason. 
Just because we have a GPU doesn’t mean we only use it(9) for everything, right? Traditional computers aren’t disappearing, quite yet. Pods, Docker images, Kubernetes, containers of every sort and form exist today, many open source, and are popular in the business world, mostly stemming from the popularity of containers in the form of monetarily based app stores. Not every process has to be an impossible task. jimini won’t mind it is asked to make a pot of coffee, or clean the oven, but it can outsource tasks, even to real individuals. Paid apps are very very bad for consumers, as it stratifies them, but is great for companies and their investors. The blockchain nature of jimini, would be supported by “inimij”(an image). inimij, is decentralized, containable code inside a virtual environment, emulated as to the needs of the container, and customized towards the available hardware, capable of code execution for the user within places like: Home(.@.NestDevices.@.SmartHome.@.Alexas.@.Siris.1.2.3.@.PC.@.Laptop.@.Tablet.).. Office(.@.CarServers.@.DigitalAssistants.@.Workphones.@.thecoffeepot.).. Person(.@.Phone.@.Watch.@.NotPacemaker.).. Personal Userspace(.@.myKubical.).. 
No dirty diapers(10) lots of feeding. The best thing about this possible opportunity, for me, is that mainly, only academic minds have gotten to play with AI and ML and QC. As far as I know, never, or not very often, a atHomeDad. Having taken care of 2 kids in real time for 5 and 2.7 years respectively now, I can safely say, this will be easier, if only because taking your eyes off of a sentient AI, may, hopefully, not right away at least end up with 16oz of Desitin smeared around the room. It will require patience and time though. 
Watson was quite the prodigy,(11) in Jan 2011, Watson appeared on Jeopardy, it had only been around for about a year. Then they sent it to medical school. And now have it talking to kids, for adults who aren’t available, or just not as good at it. What would jimini be capable of 1 year 2 years 10 years in? I have no idea of a time frame. I just strongly believe that this is a way to do it, and that it has not yet been done. Time will wait for us to get it right though, as without real mostly complete contextually relevant encrypted human language, that is but a foundation for the inevitable, daily, even nanosecond to nanosecond changes that 7.5 billion+ individuals will do to it. In fact, that part of “data entry” will take time to gather and assemble even in initial test chunks. Or maybe we just let it have at Wikipedia(read only at first). 
As time goes on, I hope(12) that jimini will be our friend, a good guide to the future. I am sure that like other ML projects it will amaze and confuse us, but unlike other projects, it may be able to discuss with us why it thinks the way it does, and from that I hope everyone can learn too. The thing that actually, in my experience, nudges ML algorithms is otherwise unseen consistency of the things they are told to look for. Say one is looking for the color purple. Red and blue make purple, there are many shades of purple, there are many combinational versions of red and blue that would make various shades of purple that humans recognize. If The Machine gets stuck on only looking for various combinations of colors between red and blue, it will miss the rainbow. We hope jimini will not. Eventually. 
FAQ 
1. Don’t Quantum Computers get rid of the delay in communications? 
Nope. Latency will always be a factor due to other constraints like, the speed of light, but also due to traffic and distance. :( 
2. When will Hawaiian(or insert your favorite language here) be available? Hawaiian is available! I found out that via special casing and along with some novelty languages Other languages would be available we assume, once data is available and Google updates to full ISO 639-2 codes or later. Though the standard has some issues, it is a standard. 
3. How does this system differentiate between similar languages in different locale automatically? 
All language is ultimately convertible to any other. Even ASL/BSL/GSL sign to braille with the right pathways, devices and translation steps, plus the real life communicators who need it every day. They will teach jimini by doing. Though there are a near infinite number of possibilities in this new combinational language, my experience using Google Translate for real time communications tells me that solid translations for near any concepts will soon be available, and that they will aide and not discourage community. It is astounding the comedic misunderstandings, or cataclysmic disasters that can come from a simple misunderstanding of concept. 
4. Blockchain, does that mean money? 
Because of the blockchain, each character is actually represented by unique numbers, stored as bits/bytes/qubits. Sounds and movements, even vital signs can be stored as data as well, and vectored into the correct variables. Error correction will obviously have to be taken into account, but even so, once quantumly error corrected qubits are resolved, this sucker will seriously smoke current methods of communication effectively making MMS seem more like the early days of Morse Code. \o\\o|l@l|o//o/ If and when others reuse a portion or whole string of characters/numbers, the initial author will be able to make/donate seemingly tiny microfractions of cents that would be transferable. 
5. Can OldWeb like webtech, TOR, APIs and email ect. addresses be included?. 
Absolutely. Just paste them in. Like every other syllacter data, it will be encoded with a unique series of numbers, possibly be further encoded, but recognized for what it is, and what surrounds it, then order is kept within a container model. 
6. How are non verbal languages handled? 
The logical natural language within jimini, will be extremely extensible. Because of the mathematical basis of this system, any numerically, visually(sign), audibly, or other sensory, storable biodata can potentially be translated into any other portion of a summarized or expanded idea, in context. Like a puppy being trained, or Google Assistant, eventually, jimini should just be waiting, maybe asking for commands. At first, possibly to please its user, but hopefully eventually actual friendships will develop. The uncanny valley should never exist to a user. I will bet though, that at some point, it will feel odd not to have jimini near. 
7. Why the @? 
Firstly, it is the correct pronunciation of the first syllable my last name, Avina(æ-vin-à). A shortcut explanation of which my family has mentally and socially mined for, unrelentingly, just in my lifetime with: “It rhymes with Avenue”; “It sounds kinda like ‘Havin’ a’.” and; my favorite, “Rhymes with Banana!”. @, the atpersand, though, is a single syllable with two parts, one from the back and one from the front of the mouth. It is the foremost representation of the internet, both online and off. Born of email and adopted by twitter and insta, it has, spoken or linked, represented to the world our online presence. Now, in this new system, it will have the ability to alter our presence online or off. If you say or type @ and then anything after it, it can be, now, a linkable routine or other type of command, idea, word or data, within a fully encrypted contained environment. 
jimini could break down the vocalizations or other symbolic input, then repurpose them as a user’s personal commands following confirmed vocal recognition or other UserID. These parts can then be rebuilt in qubits and arranged with great speed. The result is an infinitely linkable, contained and enclosed but expandable and encryptable environment based on numbers yes, as with computers already, but more completely, able to freely associate words and ideas, links, and possibly even memes once underway. 
8. Why the .(dot/Full stop/period)? 
Humans have a tough time not having spaces between words. Computers don’t NEED them. 
Thissentence | this sentence | this.sentence | this/sentence 
These all look pretty similar to Google’s search engine in the end, but have different meanings to us. The / example is only necessary because of spaces in between words. Space, otherwise defined. While we could offer the user an option to have the computer guess at the words and add spaces if it does not already contain them, as long as it maintains a very high accuracy, blockchain size and efficiency would suggest that we not use both dots AND spaces behind the scenes. Studies have suggested that even the order of letters is less important than we think. So may be spaces. Phrases short (.@.) or long (zyx...@...xyz) or very long, as in an entire book or encyclopedia, is stored as is, and “thought of” by jimini both as individual pieces, and as a whole. Using a back and forth method, to verify it’s thoughts with historical usage. 
9. Is it true that your wife is running for POTUS with the least money ever? 
Oh boy. Yup! P00010090. Shhhh... 
10. Is that all there is to it? 
No, not even close of course. I realize this is an almost silly sounding project. I also realize that it is POSSIBLE. Manhattan/Gemini style if necessary, with the same downside, except we know it could be worse. Tools can be used by any side. For good, for bad. Quantum computing will reduce the overall error rate in computers and therefore humanity as a whole eventually, but it needs a Good start. It won’t be an issue of “have you tried turning it off and on again”. jimini needs good information that can, not just by default, but by design, be proven, and has the ability to change, with no destructive erasures. Corruption will be hard enough to deal with. QC reality seems like it will finally allow us a further peek further into the ultimate alchemy of the universe than ever before, but we, like with a telescope or microscope, want it to have a clear picture of our inhabited world. How do we make sure that we are all seeing the same color sky? How do we help ourselves and jimini from and on the inside? 
11. Can any symbol be used? 
I think so. Consider for one, 卐 or 卍 the word, from su ('"good, well') and asti ('it is; there is') represents a real good example of why. ~12,000 years and a distance of approximately half the earth, and opposing mindsets separate the two symbols usage. But, possibly due to the complexity and uncertainty of mirror neurons, the human brain and humanity at large has a very hard time with these two symbols, representing two, very different, extremely emotional and complex ideas. Current computers have absolutely no problem. How do we ensure that our future progeny are able to decide for themselves, and help us to learn best? Also, many symbols exist that offend large parts of the population. Can individuals or localities, even continents wall themselves off from some of the characters? Is then though, our collective story still the same one? People fear the truth being segmented. I don’t think that can happen internally at least with jimini. 
12. Isn’t this really just all a little long and silly? 
Nope. Maybe. My first idea was to reboot The Apprentice, as “The Sorcerer's Apprentice”, but... there were issues with licensing. ;) I believe that humor is an essential tool in the world. Fart jokes are some of the first jokes ever recorded, on paper to be sure, but also probably on audio. Al Xbert, was to be from the future. None of that is reality though. It doesn’t therefore go with our story. 
13. Any other symbols being special cased? 
Sure, any we need, for things like, #encryption @linking&ideas@ ,commas for wait states, single.(as described)and double dots..(to begin or end an idea), and of course the all mighty. To start. Most all else will be contextual. Non hierarchical, but scored and ordered. Hieroglyphics and emojis too. 
14. I know we have been over this already, but are you a looney, are you invincible, and why are you doing this again? 
Every story ever told was told for a reason. Whether it be to soothe a crying child, to encourage the world to buy your latest gadget, or to encourage a country to shed their history and follow your unblazed path. Every story has a beginning, a middle and an end. I do not consider this to be the end of mine in any way shape or form. Therefore, I started a new, true, story, that maybe, just maybe might make a little difference in the world. Thank You for the ability to communicate. Maybe jimini can finally avoid the garbage out portion of many of our old routines. When I was 18 and my Grandfather Wyatt Elliot Mcfarlane, who went by his Hawaiian name Kū, was in the hospital, dying of lung cancer, it was one of my first experiences with death that close in my family. My Mom asked him if he thought it would be appropriate to give ME his Hawaiian name. I chuckled. I thought I knew what it meant, but I never believed I would ever be able to live up to it. That is true. 
My Stream of Conscious Thought 
Art in many forms, language, writing, typesets, typewriters, the telegraph, the telephone, film, television, vaudeville, radio waves, lasers, lidar, radar, computers. None of these technologies, as hard as they might try, have ever captured the human spirit. Even here, with my mighty title, I can only pretend to put something together. It looks legit, it is from a template, it contains links to facts. However, it will never be a complete capture of what I am trying to get across to a reader. Even if I were to post a 3d vr tactile feedback atmos sound motion captured robotically enhanced live stream across the internet, at the very least, atmos is proprietary and requires a license and probably drm across the chain of HDMI cables or whatever. All of this is again great for companies, but not so great for People that want to use it. Before this week, I had maybe heard the term General Artificial Intelligence once in my life, in wired magazine or something. Now the term is out in the public, on the news, with John Carmack and others talking about it as their job. I want to be a part of that movement. I recently found out that a person I had followed for a long time on the internet was a little more X than Y. It further reinforced my idea that I am not so much needed in some areas as I am others. I hope I can be of help. If you need me, just call. 
707-726-2421 
Addendum 1 READY PLAYER ONE 
VR/AR is the obvious ultimate interface for quantum computing. The power of superpositional AI, even with a decent OS, will need People to interact with it to show its true potential. I believe one of the best introductions to language is being read to, regardless of the medium. RPO was a great movie, I love me some Steven Speilberg. One of my favorite books as a kid though, was Harold and the Purple Crayon, and I think it would be a much better demo of the tech as I see it. Then maybe Pinochio. 
https://archive.org/details/haroldsfairytale00croc 
When I was in 5th Grade Ms. Kelly’s class, I forgot, or left my pen or pencil or whatever we were using back then in 1985 or so. So, I had to borrow one. It was pink. Someone next to me noticed, commented, “Haha, Rob has a pink pen. He’s a fairy.” Or similar words with a similar sting. I became known on the playground as “fairy”. It went so far as in 6th grade during elections for school government, I was the campaign manager for a treasurer position friend of mine, and whatever ingenious slogans I may have come up with back then, could not compete with “Don’t vote for (HIM) Fairy’s with him.) 
It was things like that, all my life, that made me not want to be with People, the chance that they were going to default to being mean, without that cushion of a good solid relationship to fall back on, sometimes even that is not enough. Not that I myself can’t be mean. Vertently or not, we have all been, to one extent or another, but there is even a difference between mean and cruel right? Mean is I take your last cookie without asking. Cruel is also eating it in front of you, and enjoy it voraciously. So I eventually shed that nickname by graduating to middle school, and hadn’t thought of it in many years. After changing the name of this project to jimini, a cute little reference like so many project code names in Silicon Valley, I took my daughter to a speech therapist to get her tied tongue further diagnosed. Nervous and waiting for my wife and daughter to be done in the restroom, I sat down, and low and behold FUCKING PINOCHIOO. 
I am the Blue Fairy, I guess. I have resting sad face sometimes, an old ex girlfriends used to remark. I have been called “Blue Boy” by more than one girlfriend in the past, told by my Mom to smile more. 
More times of each than I like, but I can adopt it, even embrace it in this way. I will be so very disappointed if all of this doesn’t come true, but I saw a shooting star while on a run at 3am the other day, so one can hope. Can Pinnochio be a girl this time though, I only have girls at home, and my good boy Max boy. If given the opportunity I’d like a custom one I guess. Maybe name her Penny. I really like Lincoln, too. 
I can be the creator the maker and the link of and to things that I want, when I do. My ideas may sometimes want to be a scaffolding for change and others for adventure, still more for horseplay. If my thoughts can inspire others to share, I hope they will, too. 
So, back to Harold. After recently buying the Harold book set from Costco, for my 5 and 2 year old, I can safely say, it could be a wonderful intro into VR, and would be a superb test of the early AI. With a simple line drawing style and design, it won’t be too distracting for newcomers, but it will be stocked packed and racked full of more easter eggs than you ever have seen in your life. The AI should for example, be able to be an interactive element of any and all objects in the game, but will of course be selectively so as to not confuse the user most of the time. The amount of output the AI is capable of is nearly infinite compared to the amount of input that the human eyes and ears, let alone mind, can handle at any given moment. Even if we figure out details that work well in peripheral vision, or suddenly get direct access to nerve endings and neurons, we humans are limited in speed and motion, we break. It will forever be(seemingly to me), that when in world, humans will be at a tremendous disadvantage when compared to the AI, so Superhot is not the game one wants to start out with, probably. 
In the first book Harold finds and draws eventually, *spoilers* the view that he sees from his window */spoilers* at home. This would be a pretty short intro, so I suggest starting a little further in the series. It would be much like the intro that Oculus Rift (2018 version at least) instructional video where you can insert cassettes to play different games. Here though, the user would be the producer of everything in world, except the personalities of the animals and objects “Harold” creates.. Reactions could be customized by the AI based on all the factors explained previously. It would know who it was talking to, and act appropriately, based on the rules of the book it was reenacting. You could potentially draw pinhead from Hellraiser, and if you get close enough, or define it somewhere, the AI acts like Pinhead. Freaking cool. Instant NPC. Fully immersive. Grandma wants to play with little Timmy? Go for it, basic mode, until Grandma leaves and then Timmy gets to decide what he wants to do, based on Mom and Dad’s preselected preferences of course. Until Dad goes in and customizes a special experience for his son. 
A void, full of content. That is what People look forward to. I recently heard John Carmac describe AI as a lot of tech demos. I think the same thing about VR in its current form. I also heard he doesn’t think AI will work right now. Now he does? Cool. People once again, like to build things. 
BACK TO THE FUTURE 
In an interview with the Daily Telegraph, Zemeckis, who directed all three films in the iconic time-travel franchise, said "Oh God, no" at the possibility of a remake or a Jurassic World-type continuation, adding that it "can’t happen until both Bob [Gale] and I are dead." Gale was co-writer on all three films. 
What if though, a supercomputer AI was to watch those movies? Could it make a new film based on the past three, but that could be both a VR experience, AND live up to the originals? Even to the man who has publicly said, not in his lifetime? Only time will tell. How much help will it need? 
My Dad 
My Dad’s name was Robert Albert Avina, until I came along, then he became a Sr., I his Junior. My Dad was a police officer For Campbell and then Santa Clara PD in the late 50’s and 60’s and in the mid 1960’s while responding to a call on his motorcycle near El Camino and Nobili in Santa Clara, California USA, he crashed, hard. On his motorcycle. He broke his spinal cord at the c4-c5 vertebrae, and the sad part, was that he never walked again. The nice part though, was that there was a new, non standard technique at the time, which when performed on an individual with a possible broken neck, can save the spinal cord from any further, secondary damage, by what is colloquially called “Holding C-Spine”. One of the Paramedics that helped him get to Valley Medical Center in San Jose, had just learned of it, and used it to save my Dad. That was the beginning of the name that People called my Dad often. Disabled. Including when he went to work for a local non-profit called the Adult.Independance.Development.Center as a paralegal. He used his point of view to help others in a legal capacity that made him happy, and helped others. Always. I think of one of the last devices I ever set up for him, we named it Albert. All it was, was an old speech recognition infrared remote control. It looked very much like this one, trained to his voice alone and with “Albert, volume up/down” and “Albert channel up/down” as the only commands he needed to use, it did the job. I hope jimini will do more. 
The End? 
Oh yeah, One Day X One Night 
My wife, and partner in crime, and Mother to our sofar 2 children, Candace Marie Bates Avina was my inspiration for this paper from the beginning. I obviously absorb a lot of information. None like pillow talk. She and I have some of our best conversations oddly enough, at 3am. I have never slept very well. I have many thoughts that go through my head very quickly, often. Some may even call them intrusive. Candace one night told me that she goes to sleep by thinking of one day, and one night, one day and one night, much like counting sheep. When hearing about Google’s “Quantum Supremacy” I remembered what I had heard about QC. I know barely anything about the motions of the universe at quantum scale, but I can’t imagine it being much different than from, at ground level appearing as if the 1 and 0 positions would be one day and one night from the point of view of a qubit. So to me, she gets a spot at the top.